working-groups: add description for `wg-stmt-summary` (#73)
pingcap/community: working-groups/wg-stmt-summary.md

# Statement Summary Working Group

## Goals

Discussion for the designing of statement summary tables in TiDB.

Now we have a statement summary table [events\_statements\_summary\_by\_digest](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/reference/performance/statement-summary/), and more features are being added to it. But we also have some details to be discussed.

## Meetings

> Currently, we don't have an open meeting because there's only one developer in this working group.

Reviewer: Could you share an open google doc to record the weekly progress summary? It helps others to know what's happening and get involved easily.

Author: Addressed.

## Organizer

* [djshow832](https://github.com/djshow832), PingCAP

> ## Contact

Reviewer: It's better to follow the same structure as `wg-vec-expr` did. which is:
```
## Goals
## Meetings

// You can explain that we don't have an open meeting because there is
// only one developer in this working group. 

## Organizer
## Contact
```

Author: Addressed.

# Statement Summary Working Group

## Goals

> Discussion for the designing of statement summary tables in TiDB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Discussion on the design of statement summary tables in TiDB.
```

Author: Addressed.
